Add new GCI_ constants in particular for InfraRed and SAR, and 'standardize' … (#10721)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/user/raster_data_model.rst

- CLOUDCOVER: Cloud coverage. The value between 0 - 100 or 999 if not available
- ACQUISITIONDATETIME: The image acquisition date time in UTC

Starting with GDAL 3.10, there also exists a raster band level IMAGERY metadata domains with the following items:

- CENTRAL_WAVELENGTH_UM: Central Wavelength in micrometers.
- FWHM_UM: Full-width half-maximum (FWHM) in micrometers.

> At time of writing, they are set by the SENTINEL2 and ENVI drivers (if corresponding metadata items are found in the ENVI header)

Reviewer: Maybe you can say that they are available in other formats, but not populated by default. Otherwise it is easy to think that they are only for these two drivers mentioned here.

Reviewer 2: Also mentioning which function can be used to set them in other drivers could be useful.

- CLOUDCOVER: Cloud coverage. The value between 0 - 100 or 999 if not available
- ACQUISITIONDATETIME: The image acquisition date time in UTC

> Starting with GDAL 3.10, there also exists a raster band level IMAGERY metadata domains with the following items:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Starting with GDAL 3.10, there also exists a raster band level IMAGERY metadata domain with the following items:
```

Author: applied

- CENTRAL_WAVELENGTH_UM: Central Wavelength in micrometers.
- FWHM_UM: Full-width half-maximum (FWHM) in micrometers.

> Such metadata items can be get (resp. set) with :cpp:func:`GDALRasterBand::GetMetadataItem()`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clients can get (resp. set) these metadata items with :cpp:func:`GDALRasterBand::GetMetadataItem()`
```

Author: applied

- An optional raster unit name. For instance, this might indicate linear units for elevation data.
- A color interpretation for the band. This is one of:

    * GCI_Undefined / "Undefined": default, nothing is known.
    * GCI_GrayIndex / "Gray": independent gray-scale image
    * GCI_PaletteIndex / "Palette": this raster acts as an index into a color table
    * GCI_RedBand / "Red": red portion of an RGB or RGBA image, or red spectral band [0.62 - 0.69 um]
    * GCI_GreenBand/ "Green": green portion of an RGB or RGBA image, or green spectral band [0.51 - 0.60 um]
    * GCI_BlueBand / "Blue": blue portion of an RGB or RGBA image, or blue spectral band [0.45 - 0.53 um]
    * GCI_AlphaBand / "Alpha": alpha portion of an RGBA image

>     * GCI_HueBand / "Hue": hue of an HLS image

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * GCI_HueBand / "Hue": hue of a HLS image
```

Author: applied

>     * GCI_SaturationBand / "Saturation": saturation of an HLS image

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * GCI_SaturationBand / "Saturation": saturation of a HLS image
```

Author: applied

>     * GCI_LightnessBand / "Lightness": lightness of an HLS image

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * GCI_LightnessBand / "Lightness": lightness of a HLS image
```

Author: applied

    * GCI_NIRBand / "NIR": Near-InfraRed (NIR) band [0.75 - 1.40 um]
    * GCI_SWIRBand / "SWIR": Short-Wavelength InfraRed (SWIR) band [1.40 - 3.00 um]
    * GCI_MWIRBand / "MWIR": Mid-Wavelength InfraRed (MWIR) band [3.00 - 8.00 um]
    * GCI_LWIRBand / "LWIR": Long-Wavelength InfraRed (LWIR) band [8.00 - 15 um]
    * GCI_TIRBand / "TIR": Thermal InfraRed (TIR) band (MWIR or LWIR) [3 - 15 um]
    * GCI_OtherIRBand / "OtherIR": Other infrared band [0.75 - 1000 um]
    * GCI_SAR_Ka_Band / "SAR_Ka": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) Ka band [0.8 - 1.1 cm / 27 - 40 GHz]
    * GCI_SAR_K_Band / "SAR_K": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) K band [1.1 - 1.7 cm / 18 - 27 GHz]
    * GCI_SAR_Ku_Band / "SAR_Ku": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) Ku band [1.7 - 2.4 cm / 12 - 18 GHz]
    * GCI_SAR_X_Band / "SAR_X": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) X band [2.4 - 3.8 cm / 8 - 12 GHz]
    * GCI_SAR_C_Band / "SAR_C": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) C band [3.8 - 7.5 cm / 4 - 8 GHz]
    * GCI_SAR_S_Band / "SAR_S": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) S band [7.5 - 15 cm / 2 - 4 GHz]
    * GCI_SAR_L_Band / "SAR_L": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) L band [15 - 30 cm / 1 - 2 GHz]

>     * GCI_SAR_P_Band / "SAR_P": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) P band [30 - 100 cm / 0.3 - 1 GHz]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * GCI_SAR_P_Band / "SAR_P": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) P or UHF  band [30 - 100 cm / 0.3 - 1 GHz]
```

>     * GCI_SAR_P_Band / "SAR_P": Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) P band [30 - 100 cm / 0.3 - 1 GHz]

Reviewer 3: The other SAR bands are fairly common usage. However this one is strange. I would have expected `SAR_UHF` (as a radar band - the communications meaning is a bit different).

Author: This classification directly comes from https://www.earthdata.nasa.gov/learn/backgrounders/what-is-sar and was pointed to me by a SAR operator

Reviewer 3: Must be old school :-)

IEEE Std 521-2019 "IEEE Standard Letter Designations for Radar-Frequency Bands" uses UHF, with table 1 stating:

> NOTE 4—Frequencies from 216 MHz to 450 MHz were sometimes called P-band.

So perhaps use both. See suggestion.
